This bullpen really has four walls.
Does it stink?
It's the smell of fermented cow dung outside
All the information points are newly opened small tile houses
Are you sure you want to move here?
You have to do a full set of acting
We are husband and wife
This little spy has a lot of perseverance
But
I didn't see what he hid last night just now.
Pretty careful
It's just that this house has to find a way to get it done
There's only one bed. What's wrong?
Do you want to sleep with me?
Doctor Rong, please take a moment
Tomorrow, I will find the village team to think of another way.
Are you not afraid of what I really do to you?
Dr. Rong, if you are a person like Wang Jianhua
You wouldn't have had to work so hard last night
You are quite easy to trust people
Know me so well
It seems that this little spy has done a lot of homework
Come prepared.
What about Dr. Rong, you can do it first?
I go to the village team
Proof and letter of introduction for marriage. Okay.
Here it is.
Dr. Rong, thank you for saving me again today
This is a snack more precious and rare than Mi Niang
Are you willing to give it to me?
Oops, it's from my family
We are husband and wife
We should share weal and woe
Thanks.
This little spy is quite fragrant
This emerald ruyi
Deep greenery
Head excellent
exquisite workmanship
At a glance, it comes from everyone's handle.
What are the conditions of this female enemy?
Hidden such a top jade sword
It seems that this little special me
Really unthinkable